README.md, before:

<a href="https://https://github.com/mvanwyk/feature_graph"><img src="./logo.png" title="Feature Graph" alt="Feature Graph"></a>

<!-- [![FVCproductions](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/4284691?v=3&s=200)](http://fvcproductions.com) -->

# Feature Graph

> A simple DAG orchestrator built specifically for machine learning feature generation



[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mvanwyk/feature_graph.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mvanwyk/feature_graph)[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/mvanwyk/feature_graph/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/mvanwyk/feature_graph?branch=master)[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)[![Linter: flake8](https://img.shields.io/badge/linter-flake8-yellow)](https://gitlab.com/pycqa/flake8)[![License](http://img.shields.io/:license-mit-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://badges.mit-license.org)

***INSERT ANOTHER GRAPHIC HERE***

[![INSERT YOUR GRAPHIC HERE](http://i.imgur.com/dt8AUb6.png)]()

- Most people will glance at your `README`, *maybe* star it, and leave
- Ergo, people should understand instantly what your project is about based on your repo

> Tips

- HAVE WHITE SPACE
- MAKE IT PRETTY
- GIFS ARE REALLY COOL

> GIF Tools

- Use <a href="http://recordit.co/" target="_blank">**Recordit**</a> to create quicks screencasts of your desktop and export them as `GIF`s.

**Recordit**

![Recordit GIF](http://g.recordit.co/iLN6A0vSD8.gif)



---

## Table of Contents (Optional)

> If your `README` has a lot of info, section headers might be nice.

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Features](#features)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [FAQ](#faq)
- [Support](#support)
- [License](#license)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)


---

## Example (Optional)

```javascript
// code away!

let generateProject = project => {
  let code = [];
  for (let js = 0; js < project.length; js++) {
    code.push(js);
  }
};
```

---

## Installation

> Required python >=3.7
- All the `code` required to get started
- Images of what it should look like

### Clone

- Clone this repo to your local machine using `https://github.com/mvanwyk/feature_graph.git`

### Setup

- If you want more syntax highlighting, format your code like this:

> update and install this package first

```shell
$ brew update
$ brew install fvcproductions
```

> now install npm and bower packages

```shell
$ npm install
$ bower install
```

- For all the possible languages that support syntax highlithing on GitHub (which is basically all of them), refer <a href="https://github.com/github/linguist/blob/master/lib/linguist/languages.yml" target="_blank">here</a>.

---

## Features
## Usage (Optional)
## Documentation (Optional)
## Tests (Optional)

- Going into more detail on code and technologies used
- I utilized this nifty <a href="https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet" target="_blank">Markdown Cheatsheet</a> for this sample `README`.

---

## Roadmap

V0.2
* Stateful DAG running - Store the state of the last run in the DAG and only re-run those parts that have changes

---

## Contributing

> To get started...

### Step 1

- **Option 1**
    - 🍴 Fork this repo!

- **Option 2**
    - 👯 Clone this repo to your local machine using `https://github.com/joanaz/HireDot2.git`

### Step 2

- **HACK AWAY!** 🔨🔨🔨

### Step 3

- 🔃 Create a new pull request using <a href="https://github.com/joanaz/HireDot2/compare/" target="_blank">`https://github.com/joanaz/HireDot2/compare/`</a>.


---

## FAQ

- **How do I do *specifically* so and so?**
    - No problem! Just do this.

---

## Support

Reach out to me at one of the following places!

- Website at <a href="http://fvcproductions.com" target="_blank">`fvcproductions.com`</a>
- Twitter at <a href="http://twitter.com/fvcproductions" target="_blank">`@fvcproductions`</a>
- Insert more social links here.

---

## License

[![License](http://img.shields.io/:license-mit-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://badges.mit-license.org)

- **[MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)**
- Copyright 2019 © <a href="https://github.com/mvanwyk/" target="_blank">Murray Vanwyk</a>.

---

## Acknowledgements
- Readme template - https://gist.github.com/fvcproductions/1bfc2d4aecb01a834b46
- Implementation style - https://diagrams.mingrammer.com/

Commit message:

Improved unit tests and added check to stop assignment of a node's parent as a child

README.md, after:

<a href="https://https://github.com/mvanwyk/feature_graph"><img src="./logo.png" title="Feature Graph" alt="Feature Graph"></a>

<!-- [![FVCproductions](https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/4284691?v=3&s=200)](http://fvcproductions.com) -->

# Feature Graph

> A simple DAG orchestrator built specifically for machine learning feature generation



[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mvanwyk/feature_graph.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mvanwyk/feature_graph)[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/mvanwyk/feature_graph/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/mvanwyk/feature_graph?branch=master)[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)[![Linter: flake8](https://img.shields.io/badge/linter-flake8-yellow)](https://gitlab.com/pycqa/flake8)[![License](http://img.shields.io/:license-mit-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://badges.mit-license.org)

***INSERT ANOTHER GRAPHIC HERE***

[![INSERT YOUR GRAPHIC HERE](http://i.imgur.com/dt8AUb6.png)]()

- Most people will glance at your `README`, *maybe* star it, and leave
- Ergo, people should understand instantly what your project is about based on your repo

> Tips

- HAVE WHITE SPACE
- MAKE IT PRETTY
- GIFS ARE REALLY COOL

> GIF Tools

- Use <a href="http://recordit.co/" target="_blank">**Recordit**</a> to create quicks screencasts of your desktop and export them as `GIF`s.

**Recordit**

![Recordit GIF](http://g.recordit.co/iLN6A0vSD8.gif)



---

## Table of Contents (Optional)

> If your `README` has a lot of info, section headers might be nice.

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Features](#features)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [FAQ](#faq)
- [Support](#support)
- [License](#license)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)


---

## Example (Optional)

```javascript
// code away!

let generateProject = project => {
  let code = [];
  for (let js = 0; js < project.length; js++) {
    code.push(js);
  }
};
```

---

## Installation

> Required python >=3.7
- All the `code` required to get started
- Images of what it should look like

### Clone

- Clone this repo to your local machine using `https://github.com/mvanwyk/feature_graph.git`

### Setup

- If you want more syntax highlighting, format your code like this:

> update and install this package first

```shell
$ brew update
$ brew install fvcproductions
```

> now install npm and bower packages

```shell
$ npm install
$ bower install
```

- For all the possible languages that support syntax highlithing on GitHub (which is basically all of them), refer <a href="https://github.com/github/linguist/blob/master/lib/linguist/languages.yml" target="_blank">here</a>.

---

## Features
## Usage (Optional)
## Documentation (Optional)
## Tests (Optional)

- Going into more detail on code and technologies used
- I utilized this nifty <a href="https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet" target="_blank">Markdown Cheatsheet</a> for this sample `README`.

---

## Roadmap

v0.3.0

- Improved safety checks to avoid loops in DAGs
- Stateful DAG running - Store the state of the last run in the DAG and only re-run those parts that have changes
- BigQueryNode load query from file
- Improved documentation
- Completed README.md

v0.4.0

- Docstring coverage monitoring w/badge

---

## Contributing

> To get started...

### Step 1

- **Option 1**
    - 🍴 Fork this repo!

- **Option 2**
    - 👯 Clone this repo to your local machine using `https://github.com/joanaz/HireDot2.git`

### Step 2

- **HACK AWAY!** 🔨🔨🔨

### Step 3

- 🔃 Create a new pull request using <a href="https://github.com/joanaz/HireDot2/compare/" target="_blank">`https://github.com/joanaz/HireDot2/compare/`</a>.


---

## FAQ

- **How do I do *specifically* so and so?**
    - No problem! Just do this.

---

## Support

Reach out to me at one of the following places!

- Website at <a href="http://fvcproductions.com" target="_blank">`fvcproductions.com`</a>
- Twitter at <a href="http://twitter.com/fvcproductions" target="_blank">`@fvcproductions`</a>
- Insert more social links here.

---

## License

[![License](http://img.shields.io/:license-mit-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://badges.mit-license.org)

- **[MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)**
- Copyright 2019 © <a href="https://github.com/mvanwyk/" target="_blank">Murray Vanwyk</a>.

---

## Acknowledgements
- Readme template - https://gist.github.com/fvcproductions/1bfc2d4aecb01a834b46
- Implementation style - https://diagrams.mingrammer.com/
